list(outcomes) in choose_from (#2100)
skrub-data/skrub: CHANGES.rst

New Features
------------

Changes
-------

> - :meth:`choose_from` now accepts numpy arrays as input. :pr:`2100` by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :meth:`choose_from` now transparently converts `outcomes` to a list when it is another type of sequence. :pr:`2100` by
```
